# CS167: Notebook 0
For all notebooks, I will include the instructions in the README.md file (the file you see when you open up a repository on GitHub, which you are reading right now). 

> Most Notebooks will also have a starter code in the repository (which you can generally see in the section above this text). The starter code generally provides a push in the right direction as well as some organization for the assignment. However, this assignment doesn't really have any code associated with it, so it will just live as a README file. 

## Overview:
There are 4 parts to Notebook 0: 
1. Fill out the [Introductory Questionnaire](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScQ3f0B_l98zfv8YVmJheIt5Rkr4XF4cz1-BwZtjAhZnoruCQ/viewform)
2. Get [Get CodePost and GitHub Set Up](https://codepost.io/signup/join?code=1CA3HRUJH4)

### Part 1: Fill out the [Introductory Questionnaire](https://tinyurl.com/3t2ustza)
This questionnaire is short and sweet and will help me to get to know you a little bit.
### Part 2: Get CodePost and GitHub Set Up
#### Part 2.1 [Join our Codepost](https://codepost.io/signup/join?code=1CA3HRUJH4)
We will be using Codepost in this course for assignments i.e., notebooks and projects for this course. Use this link in the heading to link your Codepost account. 
#### Part 2.2: [Sign in or sign up for GitHub](https://github.com/)
(Optional) I will be using GitHub in this course for assignment instructions. GitHub is an industry-standard tool for managing repositories (folders) of code. It can be a little bit tricky to get the hang of, but I'll provide plenty of demonstrations on how to use GitHub within the context of this class. I encourage you to create your GitHub account unless you already have one.

> If you are creating a new account, I would recommend you choose a username that is pretty professional--GitHub is often how recruiters will take a look and see what projects you have worked on that involved code. <!--I also usually recommend that your username be gender-neutral as there has been some interesting research on how code generated by gendered usernames is treated differently than code generated by gender-neutral usernames--but this is a good example of 'do as I say, not as I do' as mine is pretty strongly gendered.-->


### (optional) Part 3: Add some music to the [CS167 Spotify Playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0rTRc8YwER0mJJDylLTfk8?si=7f6319f4854040db)
This part isn't required, but we'll have plenty of time to work on things in class, and I like to play music during these times. I like to source the music from you all, so please click on the link to add some music to our class's playlist.
